NAME                                                                         VERSION                                  TYPE   
                                                                             0.0.0.0                                  dotnet  
                                                                             4.0.0.0                                  dotnet  
0Harmony                                                                     2.0.1.0                                  dotnet  
Accessibility.dll                                                            4.6.57.0                                 dotnet  
BouncyCastle.Crypto                                                          1.8.8.2                                  dotnet  
C# LDAP                                                                      4.0.0.0                                  dotnet  
FileDescription                                                              0.0.0.5943                               dotnet  
FileDescription                                                              10.0.0.0                                 dotnet  
FluentMigrator                                                               1.6.2.0                                  dotnet  
FluentValidation                                                             8.4.0.0                                  dotnet  
ICSharpCode.SharpZipLib                                                      1.2.0.246                                dotnet  
Ical.Net                                                                     4.1.8.0                                  dotnet  
Json.NET                                                                     12.0.2.23222                             dotnet  
LogentriesCore                                                               2.6.0.0                                  dotnet  
LogentriesNLog                                                               2.4.0.0                                  dotnet  
MailKit                                                                      2.10.1.0                                 dotnet  
Marr.Data                                                                    3.17.0.0                                 dotnet  
Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core                                                2.4.0.18317                              dotnet  
Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.SystemWeb                                           2.4.0.18317                              dotnet  
Microsoft.CSharp.dll                                                         4.6.57.0                                 dotnet  
Microsoft.Owin (1e6aacff317f93f77dacb89c799e0bf1083fb1e9)                    3.1.60405.82                             dotnet  
Microsoft.Owin.Diagnostics (1e6aacff317f93f77dacb89c799e0bf1083fb1e9)        3.1.60405.82                             dotnet  
Microsoft.Owin.Host.HttpListener (1e6aacff317f93f77dacb89c799e0bf1083fb1e9)  3.1.60405.82                             dotnet  
Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb (1e6aacff317f93f77dacb89c799e0bf1083fb1e9)     3.1.60405.82                             dotnet  
Microsoft.Owin.Hosting (1e6aacff317f93f77dacb89c799e0bf1083fb1e9)            3.1.60405.82                             dotnet  
Microsoft.Owin.Security (1e6aacff317f93f77dacb89c799e0bf1083fb1e9)           3.1.60405.82                             dotnet  
Microsoft.Win32.Primitives                                                   4.6.25714.01                             dotnet  
MimeKit                                                                      2.10.1.0                                 dotnet  
Mono Certificate Store Sync                                                  6.12.0.200                               dotnet  
Mono.Cecil                                                                   0.9.5.0                                  dotnet  
Mono.Cecil.Mdb                                                               0.9.5.0                                  dotnet  
Mono.Cecil.Pdb                                                               0.9.5.0                                  dotnet  
Mono.Messaging.dll                                                           4.6.57.0                                 dotnet  
Mono.Nat                                                                     3.0.1                                    dotnet  
Mono.Posix.dll                                                               4.0.0.0                                  dotnet  
Mono.Security.dll                                                            4.0.0.0                                  dotnet  
Mono.WebBrowser                                                              4.6.57.0                                 dotnet  
MonoTorrent                                                                  2.0.5                                    dotnet  
NLog Syslog target                                                           6.0.3.0                                  dotnet  
NLog for .NET Framework 4.5                                                  4.6.6.10303                              dotnet  
Nancy                                                                        2.0.0.0                                  dotnet  
Nancy.Authentication.Basic                                                   2.0.0.0                                  dotnet  
Nancy.Authentication.Forms                                                   2.0.0.0                                  dotnet  
Nancy.Owin                                                                   2.0.0.0                                  dotnet  
Noda Time                                                                    2.0.2.0                                  dotnet  
OAuth                                                                        1.0.0.0                                  dotnet  
Org.Mentalis                                                                 1.0.0.0                                  dotnet  
Owin                                                                         1.0                                      dotnet  
RestSharp                                                                    106.15.0                                 dotnet  
ReusableTasks                                                                2.0.0                                    dotnet  
Sentry                                                                       1.2.0.0                                  dotnet  
Sentry.PlatformAbstractions                                                  1.0.0.0                                  dotnet  
Sentry.Protocol                                                              1.0.6.0                                  dotnet  
SixLabors.Core                                                               1.0.0.0                                  dotnet  
SixLabors.Fonts                                                              1.0.0.0                                  dotnet  
SixLabors.ImageSharp                                                         1.0.0.0                                  dotnet  
SixLabors.ImageSharp.Drawing                                                 1.0.0.0                                  dotnet  
SixLabors.Shapes                                                             1.0.0.0                                  dotnet  
SocksWebProxy                                                                1.4.0.1                                  dotnet  
Sonarr.Api                                                                   3.0.10.1567                              dotnet  
Sonarr.Api.V3                                                                3.0.10.1567                              dotnet  
Sonarr.Common                                                                3.0.10.1567                              dotnet  
Sonarr.Console                                                               3.0.10.1567                              dotnet  
Sonarr.Core                                                                  3.0.10.1567                              dotnet  
Sonarr.Host                                                                  3.0.10.1567                              dotnet  
Sonarr.Http                                                                  3.0.10.1567                              dotnet  
Sonarr.Mono                                                                  3.0.10.1567                              dotnet  
Sonarr.RuntimePatches                                                        3.0.10.1567                              dotnet  
Sonarr.SignalR                                                               3.0.10.1567                              dotnet  
System.AppContext                                                            4.6.25714.01                             dotnet  
System.Buffers                                                               4.6.28619.01                             dotnet  
System.Collections                                                           4.6.25714.01                             dotnet  
System.Collections.Concurrent                                                4.6.25714.01                             dotnet  
System.Collections.Immutable                                                 4.6.26515.06                             dotnet  
System.Collections.NonGeneric                                                4.6.25714.01                             dotnet  
System.Collections.Specialized                                               4.6.25714.01                             dotnet  
System.ComponentModel                                                        4.6.25714.01                             dotnet  
System.ComponentModel.Annotations                                            4.6.25921.02                             dotnet  
System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.dll                                    4.6.57.0                                 dotnet  
System.ComponentModel.EventBasedAsync                                        4.6.25714.01                             dotnet  
System.ComponentModel.Primitives                                             4.6.25714.01                             dotnet  
System.ComponentModel.TypeConverter                                          4.6.25714.01                             dotnet  
System.Configuration.Install.dll                                             4.6.57.0                                 dotnet  
System.Configuration.dll                                                     4.6.57.0                                 dotnet  
System.Console                                                               4.6.25714.01                             dotnet  
System.Core.dll                                                              4.6.57.0                                 dotnet  
System.Data.Common                                                           4.6.26011.01                             dotnet  
System.Data.DataSetExtensions.dll                                            4.6.57.0                                 dotnet  
System.Data.SQLite                                                           1.0.61.0                                 dotnet  
System.Data.SQLite Core                                                      1.0.115.5                                dotnet  
System.Data.dll                                                              4.6.57.0                                 dotnet  
System.Design.dll                                                            4.6.57.0                                 dotnet  
System.Diagnostics.Contracts                                                 4.6.25714.01                             dotnet  
System.Diagnostics.Debug                                                     4.6.25714.01                             dotnet  
System.Diagnostics.FileVersionInfo                                           4.6.25714.01                             dotnet  
System.Diagnostics.Process                                                   4.6.25714.01                             dotnet  
System.Diagnostics.StackTrace                                                4.6.26011.01                             dotnet  
System.Diagnostics.TextWriterTraceListener                                   4.6.25714.01                             dotnet  
System.Diagnostics.Tools                                                     4.6.25714.01                             dotnet  
System.Diagnostics.TraceSource                                               4.6.25714.01                             dotnet  
System.Diagnostics.Tracing                                                   4.6.26011.01                             dotnet  
System.DirectoryServices.dll                                                 4.6.57.0                                 dotnet  
System.Drawing.Design.dll                                                    4.6.57.0                                 dotnet  
System.Drawing.Primitives                                                    4.6.25714.01                             dotnet  
System.Drawing.dll                                                           4.6.57.0                                 dotnet  
System.Dynamic.Runtime                                                       4.6.25714.01                             dotnet  
System.EnterpriseServices.dll                                                4.6.57.0                                 dotnet  
System.Globalization                                                         4.6.25714.01                             dotnet  
System.Globalization.Calendars                                               4.6.25714.01                             dotnet  
System.Globalization.Extensions.dll                                          4.0.0.0                                  dotnet  
System.IO                                                                    4.6.25714.01                             dotnet  
System.IO.Compression.ZipFile                                                4.6.25714.01                             dotnet  
System.IO.Compression.dll                                                    4.6.57.0                                 dotnet  
System.IO.FileSystem                                                         4.6.25714.01                             dotnet  
System.IO.FileSystem.DriveInfo                                               4.6.25714.01                             dotnet  
System.IO.FileSystem.Primitives                                              4.6.25714.01                             dotnet  
System.IO.FileSystem.Watcher                                                 4.6.25714.01                             dotnet  
System.IO.IsolatedStorage                                                    4.6.25714.01                             dotnet  
System.IO.MemoryMappedFiles                                                  4.6.25714.01                             dotnet  
System.IO.Pipes                                                              4.6.25714.01                             dotnet  
System.IO.UnmanagedMemoryStream                                              4.6.25714.01                             dotnet  
System.IdentityModel.Selectors.dll                                           4.6.57.0                                 dotnet  
System.IdentityModel.dll                                                     4.6.57.0                                 dotnet  
System.Linq                                                                  4.6.25714.01                             dotnet  
System.Linq.Expressions                                                      4.6.25714.01                             dotnet  
System.Linq.Parallel                                                         4.6.25714.01                             dotnet  
System.Linq.Queryable                                                        4.6.25714.01                             dotnet  
System.Memory                                                                4.6.26606.05                             dotnet  
System.Messaging.dll                                                         4.6.57.0                                 dotnet  
System.Net.Http.dll                                                          4.6.57.0                                 dotnet  
System.Net.NameResolution                                                    4.6.25714.01                             dotnet  
System.Net.NetworkInformation                                                4.6.25714.01                             dotnet  
System.Net.Ping                                                              4.6.25714.01                             dotnet  
System.Net.Primitives                                                        4.6.25714.01                             dotnet  
System.Net.Requests                                                          4.6.25714.01                             dotnet  
System.Net.Security                                                          4.6.25714.01                             dotnet  
System.Net.Sockets                                                           4.6.26011.01                             dotnet  
System.Net.WebHeaderCollection                                               4.6.25714.01                             dotnet  
System.Net.WebSockets                                                        4.6.25714.01                             dotnet  
System.Net.WebSockets.Client                                                 4.6.25714.01                             dotnet  
System.Numerics.Vectors                                                      4.6.26515.06                             dotnet  
System.Numerics.dll                                                          4.6.57.0                                 dotnet  
System.ObjectModel                                                           4.6.25714.01                             dotnet  
System.Reflection                                                            4.6.25714.01                             dotnet  
System.Reflection.Extensions                                                 4.6.25714.01                             dotnet  
System.Reflection.Primitives                                                 4.6.25714.01                             dotnet  
System.Reflection.TypeExtensions                                             1.0.24212.01                             dotnet  
System.Resources.Reader                                                      4.6.25714.01                             dotnet  
System.Resources.ResourceManager                                             4.6.25714.01                             dotnet  
System.Resources.Writer                                                      4.6.25714.01                             dotnet  
System.Runtime                                                               4.6.25714.01                             dotnet  
System.Runtime.CompilerServices.VisualC                                      4.6.25714.01                             dotnet  
System.Runtime.Extensions                                                    4.6.25714.01                             dotnet  
System.Runtime.Handles                                                       4.6.25714.01                             dotnet  
System.Runtime.InteropServices                                               4.6.25714.01                             dotnet  
System.Runtime.InteropServices.RuntimeInformation.dll                        4.0.0.0                                  dotnet  
System.Runtime.Numerics                                                      4.6.25714.01                             dotnet  
System.Runtime.Serialization.Formatters                                      4.6.25714.01                             dotnet  
System.Runtime.Serialization.Formatters.Soap.dll                             4.6.57.0                                 dotnet  
System.Runtime.Serialization.Json                                            4.6.25714.01                             dotnet  
System.Runtime.Serialization.Primitives                                      4.6.26011.01                             dotnet  
System.Runtime.Serialization.Xml                                             4.6.26011.01                             dotnet  
System.Runtime.Serialization.dll                                             4.6.57.0                                 dotnet  
System.Security.Claims                                                       4.6.25714.01                             dotnet  
System.Security.Cryptography.Algorithms                                      4.6.26011.01                             dotnet  
System.Security.Cryptography.Csp                                             4.6.25714.01                             dotnet  
System.Security.Cryptography.Encoding                                        4.6.25714.01                             dotnet  
System.Security.Cryptography.Primitives                                      4.6.25714.01                             dotnet  
System.Security.Cryptography.X509Certificates                                4.6.25714.01                             dotnet  
System.Security.Principal                                                    4.6.25714.01                             dotnet  
System.Security.SecureString                                                 4.6.26011.01                             dotnet  
System.Security.dll                                                          4.6.57.0                                 dotnet  
System.ServiceModel.Activation.dll                                           4.6.57.0                                 dotnet  
System.ServiceModel.Internals.dll                                            4.6.57.0                                 dotnet  
System.ServiceModel.dll                                                      4.6.57.0                                 dotnet  
System.ServiceProcess.dll                                                    4.6.57.0                                 dotnet  
System.Text.Encoding                                                         4.6.25714.01                             dotnet  
System.Text.Encoding.Extensions                                              4.6.25714.01                             dotnet  
System.Text.RegularExpressions                                               4.6.25714.01                             dotnet  
System.Threading                                                             4.6.25714.01                             dotnet  
System.Threading.Overlapped.dll                                              4.0.0.0                                  dotnet  
System.Threading.Tasks                                                       4.6.25714.01                             dotnet  
System.Threading.Tasks.Parallel                                              4.6.25714.01                             dotnet  
System.Threading.Thread                                                      4.6.25714.01                             dotnet  
System.Threading.ThreadPool                                                  4.6.25714.01                             dotnet  
System.Threading.Timer                                                       4.6.25714.01                             dotnet  
System.Transactions.dll                                                      4.6.57.0                                 dotnet  
System.ValueTuple                                                            4.6.26515.06                             dotnet  
System.Web.ApplicationServices.dll                                           4.6.57.0                                 dotnet  
System.Web.Services.dll                                                      4.6.57.0                                 dotnet  
System.Web.dll                                                               4.0.0.0                                  dotnet  
System.Windows.Forms.dll                                                     4.6.57.0                                 dotnet  
System.Xml.Linq.dll                                                          4.6.57.0                                 dotnet  
System.Xml.ReaderWriter                                                      4.6.25714.01                             dotnet  
System.Xml.XDocument                                                         4.6.25714.01                             dotnet  
System.Xml.XPath                                                             4.6.25714.01                             dotnet  
System.Xml.XPath.XDocument                                                   4.6.26011.01                             dotnet  
System.Xml.XmlDocument                                                       4.6.25714.01                             dotnet  
System.Xml.XmlSerializer                                                     4.6.25714.01                             dotnet  
System.Xml.dll                                                               4.6.57.0                                 dotnet  
System.dll                                                                   4.6.57.0                                 dotnet  
XML-RPC.NET                                                                  3.0.0.266                                dotnet  
adduser                                                                      3.118ubuntu5                             deb     
apt                                                                          2.4.9                                    deb     
apt-utils                                                                    2.4.9                                    deb     
base-files                                                                   12ubuntu4.3                              deb     
base-passwd                                                                  3.5.52build1                             deb     
bash                                                                         5.1-6ubuntu1                             deb     
binutils                                                                     2.38-4ubuntu2.3                          deb     
binutils-common                                                              2.38-4ubuntu2.3                          deb     
binutils-x86-64-linux-gnu                                                    2.38-4ubuntu2.3                          deb     
bsdutils                                                                     1:2.37.2-4ubuntu3                        deb     
ca-certificates                                                              20230311ubuntu0.22.04.1                  deb     
ca-certificates-mono                                                         6.12.0.200-0xamarin2+ubuntu2004b1        deb     
coreutils                                                                    8.32-4.1ubuntu1                          deb     
curl                                                                         7.81.0-1ubuntu1.13                       deb     
dash                                                                         0.5.11+git20210903+057cd650a4ed-3build1  deb     
debconf                                                                      1.5.79ubuntu1                            deb     
debianutils                                                                  5.5-1ubuntu2                             deb     
diffutils                                                                    1:3.8-0ubuntu2                           deb     
dirmngr                                                                      2.2.27-3ubuntu2.1                        deb     
dpkg                                                                         1.21.1ubuntu2.2                          deb     
e2fsprogs                                                                    1.46.5-2ubuntu1.1                        deb     
findutils                                                                    4.8.0-1ubuntu3                           deb     
fontconfig-config                                                            2.13.1-4.2ubuntu5                        deb     
fonts-dejavu-core                                                            2.37-2build1                             deb     
gcc-12-base                                                                  12.1.0-2ubuntu1~22.04                    deb     
gnupg                                                                        2.2.27-3ubuntu2.1                        deb     
gnupg-l10n                                                                   2.2.27-3ubuntu2.1                        deb     
gnupg-utils                                                                  2.2.27-3ubuntu2.1                        deb     
gpg                                                                          2.2.27-3ubuntu2.1                        deb     
gpg-agent                                                                    2.2.27-3ubuntu2.1                        deb     
gpg-wks-client                                                               2.2.27-3ubuntu2.1                        deb     
gpg-wks-server                                                               2.2.27-3ubuntu2.1                        deb     
gpgconf                                                                      2.2.27-3ubuntu2.1                        deb     
gpgsm                                                                        2.2.27-3ubuntu2.1                        deb     
gpgv                                                                         2.2.27-3ubuntu2.1                        deb     
grep                                                                         3.7-1build1                              deb     
gzip                                                                         1.10-4ubuntu4.1                          deb     
hostname                                                                     3.23ubuntu2                              deb     
init-system-helpers                                                          1.62                                     deb     
jq                                                                           1.6-2.1ubuntu3                           deb     
libacl1                                                                      2.3.1-1                                  deb     
libapt-pkg6.0                                                                2.4.9                                    deb     
libassuan0                                                                   2.5.5-1build1                            deb     
libattr1                                                                     1:2.5.1-1build1                          deb     
libaudit-common                                                              1:3.0.7-1build1                          deb     
libaudit1                                                                    1:3.0.7-1build1                          deb     
libbinutils                                                                  2.38-4ubuntu2.3                          deb     
libblkid1                                                                    2.37.2-4ubuntu3                          deb     
libbrotli1                                                                   1.0.9-2build6                            deb     
libbsd0                                                                      0.11.5-1                                 deb     
libbz2-1.0                                                                   1.0.8-5build1                            deb     
libc-bin                                                                     2.35-0ubuntu3.1                          deb     
libc6                                                                        2.35-0ubuntu3.1                          deb     
libcairo2                                                                    1.16.0-5ubuntu2                          deb     
libcap-ng0                                                                   0.7.9-2.2build3                          deb     
libcap2                                                                      1:2.44-1ubuntu0.22.04.1                  deb     
libcom-err2                                                                  1.46.5-2ubuntu1.1                        deb     
libcrypt1                                                                    1:4.4.27-1                               deb     
libctf-nobfd0                                                                2.38-4ubuntu2.3                          deb     
libctf0                                                                      2.38-4ubuntu2.3                          deb     
libcurl3-gnutls                                                              7.81.0-1ubuntu1.13                       deb     
libcurl4                                                                     7.81.0-1ubuntu1.13                       deb     
libdb5.3                                                                     5.3.28+dfsg1-0.8ubuntu3                  deb     
libdebconfclient0                                                            0.261ubuntu1                             deb     
libdeflate0                                                                  1.10-2                                   deb     
libexif12                                                                    0.6.24-1build1                           deb     
libexpat1                                                                    2.4.7-1ubuntu0.2                         deb     
libext2fs2                                                                   1.46.5-2ubuntu1.1                        deb     
libffi8                                                                      3.4.2-4                                  deb     
libfontconfig1                                                               2.13.1-4.2ubuntu5                        deb     
libfreetype6                                                                 2.11.1+dfsg-1ubuntu0.2                   deb     
libgcc-s1                                                                    12.1.0-2ubuntu1~22.04                    deb     
libgcrypt20                                                                  1.9.4-3ubuntu3                           deb     
libgdiplus                                                                   6.0.5-0xamarin1+ubuntu2004b1             deb     
libgif7                                                                      5.1.9-2build2                            deb     
libglib2.0-0                                                                 2.72.4-0ubuntu2.2                        deb     
libgmp10                                                                     2:6.2.1+dfsg-3ubuntu1                    deb     
libgnutls30                                                                  3.7.3-4ubuntu1.2                         deb     
libgpg-error0                                                                1.43-3                                   deb     
libgssapi-krb5-2                                                             1.19.2-2ubuntu0.2                        deb     
libhogweed6                                                                  3.7.3-1build2                            deb     
libicu70                                                                     70.1-2                                   deb     
libidn2-0                                                                    2.3.2-2build1                            deb     
libjbig0                                                                     2.1-3.1ubuntu0.22.04.1                   deb     
libjpeg-turbo8                                                               2.1.2-0ubuntu1                           deb     
libjpeg8                                                                     8c-2ubuntu10                             deb     
libjq1                                                                       1.6-2.1ubuntu3                           deb     
libk5crypto3                                                                 1.19.2-2ubuntu0.2                        deb     
libkeyutils1                                                                 1.6.1-2ubuntu3                           deb     
libkrb5-3                                                                    1.19.2-2ubuntu0.2                        deb     
libkrb5support0                                                              1.19.2-2ubuntu0.2                        deb     
libksba8                                                                     1.6.0-2ubuntu0.2                         deb     
libldap-2.5-0                                                                2.5.15+dfsg-0ubuntu0.22.04.1             deb     
libldap-common                                                               2.5.15+dfsg-0ubuntu0.22.04.1             deb     
liblz4-1                                                                     1.9.3-2build2                            deb     
liblzma5                                                                     5.2.5-2ubuntu1                           deb     
libmd0                                                                       1.0.4-1build1                            deb     
libmediainfo0v5                                                              23.07-1                                  deb     
libmms0                                                                      0.6.4-3                                  deb     
libmono-accessibility4.0-cil                                                 6.12.0.200-0xamarin2+ubuntu2004b1        deb     
libmono-cecil-vb0.9-cil                                                      4.7-0xamarin3+ubuntu2004b1               deb     
libmono-corlib4.5-cil                                                        6.12.0.200-0xamarin2+ubuntu2004b1        deb     
libmono-i18n-west4.0-cil                                                     6.12.0.200-0xamarin2+ubuntu2004b1        deb     
libmono-i18n4.0-cil                                                          6.12.0.200-0xamarin2+ubuntu2004b1        deb     
libmono-ldap4.0-cil                                                          6.12.0.200-0xamarin2+ubuntu2004b1        deb     
libmono-messaging4.0-cil                                                     6.12.0.200-0xamarin2+ubuntu2004b1        deb     
libmono-microsoft-csharp4.0-cil                                              6.12.0.200-0xamarin2+ubuntu2004b1        deb     
libmono-microsoft-visualbasic10.0-cil                                        4.7-0xamarin3+ubuntu2004b1               deb     
libmono-posix4.0-cil                                                         6.12.0.200-0xamarin2+ubuntu2004b1        deb     
libmono-security4.0-cil                                                      6.12.0.200-0xamarin2+ubuntu2004b1        deb     
libmono-sqlite4.0-cil                                                        6.12.0.200-0xamarin2+ubuntu2004b1        deb     
libmono-system-componentmodel-dataannotations4.0-cil                         6.12.0.200-0xamarin2+ubuntu2004b1        deb     
libmono-system-configuration-install4.0-cil                                  6.12.0.200-0xamarin2+ubuntu2004b1        deb     
libmono-system-configuration4.0-cil                                          6.12.0.200-0xamarin2+ubuntu2004b1        deb     
libmono-system-core4.0-cil                                                   6.12.0.200-0xamarin2+ubuntu2004b1        deb     
libmono-system-data-datasetextensions4.0-cil                                 6.12.0.200-0xamarin2+ubuntu2004b1        deb     
libmono-system-data4.0-cil                                                   6.12.0.200-0xamarin2+ubuntu2004b1        deb     
libmono-system-design4.0-cil                                                 6.12.0.200-0xamarin2+ubuntu2004b1        deb     
libmono-system-drawing-design4.0-cil                                         6.12.0.200-0xamarin2+ubuntu2004b1        deb     
libmono-system-drawing4.0-cil                                                6.12.0.200-0xamarin2+ubuntu2004b1        deb     
libmono-system-enterpriseservices4.0-cil                                     6.12.0.200-0xamarin2+ubuntu2004b1        deb     
libmono-system-identitymodel-selectors4.0-cil                                6.12.0.200-0xamarin2+ubuntu2004b1        deb     
libmono-system-identitymodel4.0-cil                                          6.12.0.200-0xamarin2+ubuntu2004b1        deb     
libmono-system-io-compression4.0-cil                                         6.12.0.200-0xamarin2+ubuntu2004b1        deb     
libmono-system-ldap4.0-cil                                                   6.12.0.200-0xamarin2+ubuntu2004b1        deb     
libmono-system-messaging4.0-cil                                              6.12.0.200-0xamarin2+ubuntu2004b1        deb     
libmono-system-net-http4.0-cil                                               6.12.0.200-0xamarin2+ubuntu2004b1        deb     
libmono-system-numerics4.0-cil                                               6.12.0.200-0xamarin2+ubuntu2004b1        deb     
libmono-system-runtime-serialization-formatters-soap4.0-cil                  6.12.0.200-0xamarin2+ubuntu2004b1        deb     
libmono-system-runtime-serialization4.0-cil                                  6.12.0.200-0xamarin2+ubuntu2004b1        deb     
libmono-system-security4.0-cil                                               6.12.0.200-0xamarin2+ubuntu2004b1        deb     
libmono-system-servicemodel-activation4.0-cil                                6.12.0.200-0xamarin2+ubuntu2004b1        deb     
libmono-system-servicemodel-internals0.0-cil                                 6.12.0.200-0xamarin2+ubuntu2004b1        deb     
libmono-system-servicemodel4.0a-cil                                          6.12.0.200-0xamarin2+ubuntu2004b1        deb     
libmono-system-serviceprocess4.0-cil                                         6.12.0.200-0xamarin2+ubuntu2004b1        deb     
libmono-system-transactions4.0-cil                                           6.12.0.200-0xamarin2+ubuntu2004b1        deb     
libmono-system-web-applicationservices4.0-cil                                6.12.0.200-0xamarin2+ubuntu2004b1        deb     
libmono-system-web-services4.0-cil                                           6.12.0.200-0xamarin2+ubuntu2004b1        deb     
libmono-system-web4.0-cil                                                    6.12.0.200-0xamarin2+ubuntu2004b1        deb     
libmono-system-windows-forms4.0-cil                                          6.12.0.200-0xamarin2+ubuntu2004b1        deb     
libmono-system-xml-linq4.0-cil                                               6.12.0.200-0xamarin2+ubuntu2004b1        deb     
libmono-system-xml4.0-cil                                                    6.12.0.200-0xamarin2+ubuntu2004b1        deb     
libmono-system4.0-cil                                                        6.12.0.200-0xamarin2+ubuntu2004b1        deb     
libmono-webbrowser4.0-cil                                                    6.12.0.200-0xamarin2+ubuntu2004b1        deb     
libmount1                                                                    2.37.2-4ubuntu3                          deb     
libncurses6                                                                  6.3-2ubuntu0.1                           deb     
libncursesw6                                                                 6.3-2ubuntu0.1                           deb     
libnettle8                                                                   3.7.3-1build2                            deb     
libnghttp2-14                                                                1.43.0-1build3                           deb     
libnpth0                                                                     1.6-3build2                              deb     
libnsl2                                                                      1.3.0-2build2                            deb     
libonig5                                                                     6.9.7.1-2build1                          deb     
libp11-kit0                                                                  0.24.0-6build1                           deb     
libpam-modules                                                               1.4.0-11ubuntu2.3                        deb     
libpam-modules-bin                                                           1.4.0-11ubuntu2.3                        deb     
libpam-runtime                                                               1.4.0-11ubuntu2.3                        deb     
libpam0g                                                                     1.4.0-11ubuntu2.3                        deb     
libpcre2-8-0                                                                 10.39-3ubuntu0.1                         deb     
libpcre3                                                                     2:8.39-13ubuntu0.22.04.1                 deb     
libpixman-1-0                                                                0.40.0-1ubuntu0.22.04.1                  deb     
libpng16-16                                                                  1.6.37-3build5                           deb     
libprocps8                                                                   2:3.3.17-6ubuntu2                        deb     
libpsl5                                                                      0.21.0-1.2build2                         deb     
libreadline8                                                                 8.1.2-1                                  deb     
librtmp1                                                                     2.4+20151223.gitfa8646d.1-2build4        deb     
libsasl2-2                                                                   2.1.27+dfsg2-3ubuntu1.2                  deb     
libsasl2-modules                                                             2.1.27+dfsg2-3ubuntu1.2                  deb     
libsasl2-modules-db                                                          2.1.27+dfsg2-3ubuntu1.2                  deb     
libseccomp2                                                                  2.5.3-2ubuntu2                           deb     
libselinux1                                                                  3.3-1build2                              deb     
libsemanage-common                                                           3.3-1build2                              deb     
libsemanage2                                                                 3.3-1build2                              deb     
libsepol2                                                                    3.3-1build1                              deb     
libsmartcols1                                                                2.37.2-4ubuntu3                          deb     
libsqlite3-0                                                                 3.37.2-2ubuntu0.1                        deb     
libss2                                                                       1.46.5-2ubuntu1.1                        deb     
libssh-4                                                                     0.9.6-2ubuntu0.22.04.1                   deb     
libssl3                                                                      3.0.2-0ubuntu1.10                        deb     
libstdc++6                                                                   12.1.0-2ubuntu1~22.04                    deb     
libsystemd0                                                                  249.11-0ubuntu3.9                        deb     
libtasn1-6                                                                   4.18.0-4build1                           deb     
libtiff5                                                                     4.3.0-6ubuntu0.4                         deb     
libtinfo6                                                                    6.3-2ubuntu0.1                           deb     
libtirpc-common                                                              1.3.2-2ubuntu0.1                         deb     
libtirpc3                                                                    1.3.2-2ubuntu0.1                         deb     
libudev1                                                                     249.11-0ubuntu3.9                        deb     
libunistring2                                                                1.0-1                                    deb     
libuuid1                                                                     2.37.2-4ubuntu3                          deb     
libwebp7                                                                     1.2.2-2ubuntu0.22.04.1                   deb     
libx11-6                                                                     2:1.7.5-1ubuntu0.2                       deb     
libx11-data                                                                  2:1.7.5-1ubuntu0.2                       deb     
libxau6                                                                      1:1.0.9-1build5                          deb     
libxcb-render0                                                               1.14-3ubuntu3                            deb     
libxcb-shm0                                                                  1.14-3ubuntu3                            deb     
libxcb1                                                                      1.14-3ubuntu3                            deb     
libxdmcp6                                                                    1:1.1.3-0ubuntu5                         deb     
libxext6                                                                     2:1.3.4-1build1                          deb     
libxml2                                                                      2.9.13+dfsg-1ubuntu0.3                   deb     
libxrender1                                                                  1:0.9.10-1build4                         deb     
libxslt1.1                                                                   1.1.34-4ubuntu0.22.04.1                  deb     
libxxhash0                                                                   0.8.1-1                                  deb     
libzen0v5                                                                    0.4.41-1                                 deb     
libzstd1                                                                     1.4.8+dfsg-3build1                       deb     
locales                                                                      2.35-0ubuntu3.1                          deb     
login                                                                        1:4.8.1-2ubuntu2.1                       deb     
logsave                                                                      1.46.5-2ubuntu1.1                        deb     
lsb-base                                                                     11.1.0ubuntu4                            deb     
mawk                                                                         1.3.4.20200120-3                         deb     
mediainfo                                                                    23.07-1                                  deb     
mono-4.0-gac                                                                 6.12.0.200-0xamarin2+ubuntu2004b1        deb     
mono-gac                                                                     6.12.0.200-0xamarin2+ubuntu2004b1        deb     
mono-runtime                                                                 6.12.0.200-0xamarin2+ubuntu2004b1        deb     
mono-runtime-common                                                          6.12.0.200-0xamarin2+ubuntu2004b1        deb     
mono-runtime-sgen                                                            6.12.0.200-0xamarin2+ubuntu2004b1        deb     
mono-vbnc                                                                    4.7-0xamarin3+ubuntu2004b1               deb     
mount                                                                        2.37.2-4ubuntu3                          deb     
mscorlib.dll                                                                 4.6.57.0                                 dotnet  
ncurses-base                                                                 6.3-2ubuntu0.1                           deb     
ncurses-bin                                                                  6.3-2ubuntu0.1                           deb     
netcat                                                                       1.218-4ubuntu1                           deb     
netcat-openbsd                                                               1.218-4ubuntu1                           deb     
netstandard                                                                  4.6.26011.1                              dotnet  
openssl                                                                      3.0.2-0ubuntu1.10                        deb     
passwd                                                                       1:4.8.1-2ubuntu2.1                       deb     
perl-base                                                                    5.34.0-3ubuntu1.2                        deb     
pinentry-curses                                                              1.1.1-1build2                            deb     
procps                                                                       2:3.3.17-6ubuntu2                        deb     
publicsuffix                                                                 20211207.1025-1                          deb     
readline-common                                                              8.1.2-1                                  deb     
repo-mediaarea                                                               1.0-21                                   deb     
sed                                                                          4.8-1ubuntu2                             deb     
sensible-utils                                                               0.0.17                                   deb     
sysvinit-utils                                                               3.01-1ubuntu1                            deb     
tar                                                                          1.34+dfsg-1ubuntu0.1.22.04.1             deb     
tzdata                                                                       2023c-0ubuntu0.22.04.2                   deb     
ubuntu-keyring                                                               2021.03.26                               deb     
ucf                                                                          3.0043                                   deb     
usrmerge                                                                     25ubuntu2                                deb     
util-linux                                                                   2.37.2-4ubuntu3                          deb     
xmlstarlet                                                                   1.6.1-2.1                                deb     
zlib1g                                                                       1:1.2.11.dfsg-2ubuntu9.2                 deb     
